= Configuring the reference resolving mechanism =

References can be resolved either by iterating through the whole file or by means of configurations provided in _defaultMzIdentMLElement.cfg.xml_ file. The configuration file is located in  src/ main/ resources/ folder. The configurations are loaded at run-time, so the changes can be made without recompiling the code.

There are total four parameters to configure reference resolving and caching behaviour - auto-resolving, caching, ID-mapping and Indexing. We can enable a particular behaviour for a class by setting the appropriate element to _true_. In this example, we have auto-resolve disabled for SpectrumIdentificationItem.

{{{
    <configurations>
        <autoRefResolving>false</autoRefResolving>
        <cached>false</cached>
        <clazz>uk.ac.ebi.jmzidml.model.mzidml.SpectrumIdentificationItem</clazz>
        <cvParamClass>uk.ac.ebi.jmzidml.model.mzidml.params.SpectrumIdentificationItemCvParam</cvParamClass>
        <idMapped>true</idMapped>
        <indexed>true</indexed>
        <refResolverClass>uk.ac.ebi.jmzidml.xml.jaxb.resolver.SpectrumIdentificationItemRefResolver</refResolverClass>
        <tagName>SpectrumIdentificationItem</tagName>
        <userParamClass>uk.ac.ebi.jmzidml.model.mzidml.params.SpectrumIdentificationItemUserParam</userParamClass>
        <xpath>/MzIdentML/DataCollection/AnalysisData/SpectrumIdentificationList/SpectrumIdentificationResult/SpectrumIdentificationItem</xpath>
    </configurations>

}}}

To enable the auto-resolve in SpectrumIdentificationItem, we simple set the `<autoRefResolving>` to true.

{{{
    <configurations>
        <autoRefResolving>true</autoRefResolving>
        <cached>false</cached>
        <clazz>uk.ac.ebi.jmzidml.model.mzidml.SpectrumIdentificationItem</clazz>
        <cvParamClass>uk.ac.ebi.jmzidml.model.mzidml.params.SpectrumIdentificationItemCvParam</cvParamClass>
        <idMapped>true</idMapped>
        <indexed>true</indexed>
        <refResolverClass>uk.ac.ebi.jmzidml.xml.jaxb.resolver.SpectrumIdentificationItemRefResolver</refResolverClass>
        <tagName>SpectrumIdentificationItem</tagName>
        <userParamClass>uk.ac.ebi.jmzidml.model.mzidml.params.SpectrumIdentificationItemUserParam</userParamClass>
        <xpath>/MzIdentML/DataCollection/AnalysisData/SpectrumIdentificationList/SpectrumIdentificationResult/SpectrumIdentificationItem</xpath>
    </configurations>
}}}

In case of ID-mapping and indexing, we will keep *both* idMapped and indexed to be true. 

The values of _indexed_, _idMapped_ and _autoRefResolving_ are defined by the MzIdentMLElement enumeration in the source code. This enumeration loads its configuration from the configuration file defaultMzIdentMLElement.cfg.xml discussed above. 